Add documentation - Develop On Kuzzle - Embedded SDK (#1859)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/advanced/8-configuration/index.md

:::info
For an exhaustive list of configuration parameters, please refer to the [kuzzlerc sample file](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle/blob/master/.kuzzlerc.sample).
:::

## Use Backend.config property

::: info
You can change the configuration only in the `setup` phase, before starting the application.
::: 

The configuration of Kuzzle is also accessible through the [Backend.config](/core/2/some-link) property.

> It is possible to **consult or modify values of the configuration**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to **read or edit values of the configuration**. 
```

The set of keys that can be configured is available in the file [.kuzzlerc.sample](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle/blob/master/.kuzzlerc.sample)

::: info

> See the [Configuration](/core/2/guides/advanced/8-configuration) guide for more informations on how to configure Kuzzle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [Configuration](/core/2/guides/advanced/8-configuration) guide for more information on how to configure Kuzzle.
```
